Docs for primitive key support (#4478)
confluentinc/ksql: docs-md/developer-guide/create-a-stream.md

See [Serialization Formats](serialization.md#serialization-formats) for more
details.

> ksqlDB requires keys to have been serialized using Kafka's own, or compatible,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB requires keys to have been serialized using {{ site.ak }}'s own serializers or compatible
```
